Axovant to Participate in Upcoming October Conferences and Provide AXO-Lenti-PD Program Update the Morning of October 6th. NEW YORK, Oct. 05, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Axovant Gene Therapies Ltd. (Nasdaq: AXGT), a clinical-stage company developing innovative gene therapies, today announced that the Company will present at upcoming conferences and will announce six-month safety and efficacy data from the second cohort of its AXO-Lenti-PD program the morning of Tuesday, October 6, 2020. Additionally, as previously announced the Company will hold a Parkinson’s Disease R&D Day on Friday, October 30.



Information on the upcoming presentations can be found below:



Chardan 4th Annual Genetic Medicines Conference

Date: Tuesday, October 6, 2020 Time: 2:30 PM ET Participation Format: Fireside chat with Gbola Amusa, MD, CFA (Head of HC Research) Webcast link: https://wsw.com/webcast/chard6/axgt/1861600 Axovant will participate in 1x1 investor meetings during the conference

2020 ARM Virtual Cell and Gene Meeting on the Mesa

Date: Tuesday, October 13, 2020 Time: 12:00 PM PT/3:00 PM ET Presentation Format: Panel discussion: Cell and Gene Therapies for Chronic Conditions Presenter: Pavan Cheruvu, MD, Chief Executive Officer, Axovant Gene Therapies

AXO-Lenti-PD Parkinson’s Disease R&D Day

Date: Friday, October 30, 2020 Time: 11:30 AM – 1 PM ET Moderator: Gavin Corcoran, MD, Chief R&D Officer, Axovant Gene Therapies Registration link: https://lifescipartners.zoom.us/webinar/register/8316004583906/WN_F19FymdTQIGjki6Bb-veIw

A live webcast of the presentations will be available in the Events section of Axovant's website at www.axovant.com. Replays will be available for approximately 30 days following the conferences.

About Axovant Gene Therapies

Axovant Gene Therapies is a clinical-stage gene therapy company focused on developing a pipeline of innovative product candidates for debilitating neurodegenerative diseases. Our current pipeline of gene therapy candidates target GM1 gangliosidosis, GM2 gangliosidosis (also known as Tay-Sachs disease and Sandhoff disease), and Parkinson’s disease. Axovant is focused on accelerating product candidates into and through clinical trials with a team of experts in gene therapy development and through external partnerships with leading gene therapy organizations. For more information, visit www.axovant.com.

Contacts:

Media & Investors