AlloVir Announces Oral Data Presentations at 62nd American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting. CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov. 04, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- AlloVir (Nasdaq: ALVR), a late clinical-stage cell therapy company, announced that it will present three abstracts as oral presentations that support its pipeline of allogeneic, off-the-shelf virus-specific T cell therapies during the 62nd American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting & Exposition taking place virtually December 5 – 8, 2020.



Details of the presentations at ASH are as follows:

Presentation Title: Using Allogeneic, Off-the-Shelf, SARS-CoV-2-specific T Cells to Treat High Risk Patients with COVID-19*

Session Name: Adoptive Immunotherapy: Mechanisms and New Approaches: Adoptive Cell Therapy beyond CAR T cells

Session Date & Time: Monday, December 7, 2020, 9 – 10:30 a.m.

Presentation Time: 10:00 a.m. PT (1:00 p.m. ET)

Presenter: Spyridoula Vasileiou, Center for Cell and Gene Therapy, Baylor College of Medicine, Texas Children’s Hospital and The Methodist Hospital

Abstract Number: 612

*This abstract will be highlighted in an ASH press briefing on Saturday, December 5, 8:00 a.m. PT (11:00 – 11:30 a.m. ET.)

Presentation Title: Treatment of severe, drug-refractory viral infections with allogeneic, off-the-shelf multi-virus specific T cell therapy in patients following HSCT: Results from a phase 2 Study

Session Name: Adoptive Immunotherapy: Mechanisms and New Approaches: Adoptive Cell Therapy beyond CAR T cells

Session Date & Time: Monday, December 7, 2020, 9 – 10:30 a.m.

Presentation Time: 9:15 a.m. PT (12:15 p.m. ET)

Presenter: Ifigeneia Tzannou, Center for Cell and Gene Therapy, Baylor College of Medicine, Texas Children’s Hospital and The Methodist Hospital

Abstract Number: 609

Presentation Title: Economic and Clinical Burden of Virus Associated Hemorrhagic Cystitis in Patients Following Allogeneic Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation

Session Name: Health Services Research—Malignant Conditions (Lymphoid Disease) I

Session Date and Time: Monday, December 7, 2020, 1:30 – 3:00 p.m.

Presentation Time: 2:45 p.m. PT (5:45 p.m. ET)

Presenter: Joseph P. McGuirk, DO, The University of Kansas Cancer Center

Abstract Number: 747

About AlloVir

AlloVir is a leading late clinical-stage cell therapy company with a focus on restoring natural immunity against life-threatening viral diseases in patients with severely weakened immune systems. The company’s innovative and proprietary technology platforms leverage off-the-shelf, allogeneic, multi-virus specific T cells targeting devastating viruses for patients with T cell deficiencies who are at risk from the life-threatening consequences of viral diseases. AlloVir’s technology and manufacturing process enables the potential for the treatment and prevention of a spectrum of devastating viruses with each single allogeneic cell therapy. The company is advancing multiple mid- and late-stage clinical trials across its product portfolio. For more information visit www.allovir.com .

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, including, without limitation, statements regarding AlloVir’s development and regulatory status of our product candidates and its strategy, business plans and focus. The words “may,” “will,” “could,” “would,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “project,” “potential,” “continue,” “target” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this press release are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and important factors that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements contained in this press release, including, without limitation, those related to AlloVir’s financial results, the timing for completion of AlloVir’s clinical trials of its product candidates, whether and when, if at all, AlloVir’s product candidates will receive approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, or other foreign regulatory authorities, competition from other biopharmaceutical companies, and other risks identified in AlloVir’s SEC filings. AlloVir cautions you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. AlloVir disclaims any obligation to publicly update or revise any such statements to reflect any change in expectations or in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements may be based, or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release represent AlloVir’s views only as of the date hereof and should not be relied upon as representing its views as of any subsequent date.

Media contact:

Courtney Heath

ScientPR

‍AlloVirPR@scientpr.com

617-872-2462

Investor contact:

Medha Chadha

AlloVir

ir@allovir.com