CohBar to Participate at ROTH Capital COVID-19 Therapeutics in Development Event. MENLO PARK, Calif., Oct. 27, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- CohBar, Inc. (NASDAQ: CWBR), a clinical stage biotechnology company developing mitochondria based therapeutics to treat chronic diseases and extend healthy lifespan, announced today that its Chief Executive Officer, Steven Engle, and Chief Scientific Officer, Dr. Kenneth Cundy, will participate on the panel titled “Direct Antivirals and Other Agents Against SARS-CoV2 Virus” at the ROTH Capital COVID-19 Therapeutics in Development Event, being held virtually on October 28, 2020 at 7:30am PT. A live webcast of the presentation will be available for attendees who register at https://roth.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_FF_LgnOeQmm7VsRye97DtQ.



The panelists will discuss key therapies that are novel and emerging approaches in development as potential treatments for COVID-19. Mr. Engle and Dr. Cundy will be joined by Dr. Tarek Hassanein, Professor of Medicine at UCSD, a hepatologist, and biotech company leaders from Aridis Pharmaceuticals, Hepion Pharmaceuticals, Durect Corporation, and Beyond Air. The panel will be moderated by ROTH analysts Scott Henry, CFA, Zegbeh Jallah, Ph.D., and Elemer Piros, Ph.D.

CohBar plans to present information on its CB5064 Analogs, which have shown potential as therapeutics in COVID-19 associated acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), based on reduction of fluid accumulation, cytokine secretion, and neutrophil infiltration in a preclinical model of ARDS. CB5064 Analogs have been shown in vitro to activate the apelin receptor, which initiates a cell signaling pathway that has been shown in published preclinical studies to have broad protective effects. Apelin signaling may potentially reduce the severity of acute lung injury by reducing lung fluid accumulation, hypoxemia, and cytokine secretion, the primary consequences of severe COVID-19 infection leading to ARDS and downstream injury to the kidney, heart, and other organs.

About CohBar

CohBar (NASDAQ: CWBR) is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on the research and development of mitochondria based therapeutics, an emerging class of drugs for the treatment of chronic and age-related diseases. Mitochondria based therapeutics originate from the discovery by CohBar’s founders of a novel group of naturally occurring peptide sequences within the mitochondrial genome, some of which have been shown to have the potential to regulate key processes in multiple systems and organs in the body. To date, the company has discovered more than 100 mitochondrial derived peptides and generated over 1,000 analogs. CohBar’s efforts focus on the development of these peptides into therapeutics that offer the potential to address a broad range of diseases because of the underlying impact of mitochondrial dysfunction. The company’s lead compound, CB4211, is in the Phase 1b stage of a Phase 1a/1b clinical trial for NASH and obesity. In addition, CohBar has four preclinical programs: CB5138 Analogs for fibrotic diseases, CB5064 Analogs for COVID-19 associated ARDS, MBT5 Analogs for CXCR4-related cancer and orphan diseases, and MBT3 Analogs for cancer immunotherapy.

For additional company information, please visit www.cohbar.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This news release contains forward-looking statements which are not historical facts within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and other future conditions. In some cases you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “project,” “plan,” “expect,” “goal,” “seek,” “future,” “likely” or the negative or plural of these words or similar expressions. Examples of such forward-looking statements include but are not limited to statements regarding anticipated outcomes of research and clinical trials for our mitochondria based therapeutic (MBT) candidates; expectations regarding the growth of MBTs as a significant future class of drug products; and statements regarding anticipated therapeutic properties and potential of our mitochondrial peptide analogs, MBTs and other potential therapies, including but not limited to the potential treatment of COVID-19 associated ARDS. You are cautioned that such statements are not guarantees of future performance and that actual results or developments may differ materially from those set forth in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include: our ability to successfully advance drug discovery and development programs, including the delay or termination of ongoing clinical trials; our possible inability to mitigate the prevalence and/or persistence of the injection site reactions, receipt of unfavorable feedback from regulators regarding the safety or tolerability of CB4211 or the possibility of other developments affecting the viability of CB4211 as a clinical candidate or its commercial potential; results that are different from earlier data results including less favorable than and that may not support further clinical development; our ability to raise additional capital when necessary to continue our operations; our ability to recruit and retain key management and scientific personnel; the risk that our intellectual property may not be adequately protected; our ability to establish and maintain partnerships with corporate and industry partners; and risks related to the impact on our business of the COVID-19 pandemic or similar public health crises. Additional assumptions, risks and uncertainties are described in detail in our registration statements, reports and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable Canadian securities regulators, which are available on our website, and at www.sec.gov or www.sedar.com.

You are cautioned that such statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements and other information contained in this news release are made as of the date hereof and CohBar does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements or information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless so required by applicable securities laws. Nothing herein shall constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.

Contacts:

Jordyn Tarazi

Director of Investor Relations

CohBar, Inc.

(650) 445-4441

Jordyn.tarazi@cohbar.com

Joyce Allaire

LifeSci Advisors, LLC

jallaire@lifesciadvisors.com



