PDS Biotechnology to Present Results from its Phase 1 Trial of PDS0101 and the Phase 2 Clinical Strategy in Patients with Advanced HPV-Associated Malignancies. FLORHAM PARK, N.J., Sept. 28, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- PDS Biotechnology Corporation (“PDS Biotech” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: PDSB), a clinical-stage immunotherapy company developing novel cancer therapies and infectious disease vaccines based on the Company’s proprietary Versamune® T-cell activating technology, today announced that its Chief Medical Officer, Lauren V. Wood, M.D. will present key data from the company’s previously reported Phase 1 trial of PDS0101 and planned Phase 2 clinical studies in patients with advanced HPV-associated malignancies at the World Vaccine Congress, being held virtually September 28 – October 1, 2020.



Abstract: Versamune® Plus Multi-Epitopic HPV16 Peptides in the Treatment of HPV-Associated Cancers Session: Cancer & Immunotherapy, Viral Associated Cancers Date: Wednesday, September 30, 2020 Time: 2:05 p.m. ET

About PDS Biotechnology

PDS Biotech is a clinical-stage immunotherapy company with a growing pipeline of cancer immunotherapies and infectious disease vaccines based on the Company’s proprietary Versamune® T-cell activating technology platform. Versamune® effectively delivers disease-specific antigens for in vivo uptake and processing, while also activating the critical type 1 interferon immunological pathway, resulting in production of potent disease-specific killer T-cells as well as neutralizing antibodies. PDS Biotech has engineered multiple therapies, based on combinations of Versamune® and disease-specific antigens, designed to train the immune system to better recognize disease cells and effectively attack and destroy them.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 on our current expectations and projections about future events. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "may," "should," "potential," "continue," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," and similar expressions. These statements are based upon current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions and include statements regarding the proposed public offering and anticipated closing. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict, including market conditions, whether the proposed offering is completed, the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the proposed offering and the other factors described in PDS Biotech’s filings with the SEC. The information in this release is provided only as of the date of this release, and PDS Biotech undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this release based on new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.

Media & Investor Relations Contact:

Deanne Randolph

PDS Biotechnology

Phone: +1 (908) 517-3613

Email: drandolph@pdsbiotech.com

James Salierno

The Ruth Group

Phone: +1 (646) 536-7028 / +1 (973) 255-8361

Email: jsalierno@theruthgroup.com