Salarius Pharmaceuticals to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences. HOUSTON, Sept. 10, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Salarius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: SLRX), a clinical-stage oncology company targeting cancers caused by dysregulated gene expression, today announced its participation at two upcoming investor conferences during the month of September.



During these presentations, David Arthur, Chief Executive Officer of Salarius Pharmaceuticals, will provide an overview of Salarius’ business and highlight recent achievements, as well as anticipated upcoming clinical program milestones. The Company’s lead drug candidate, seclidemstat, is a reversible LSD1 inhibitor being studied in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial in Ewing sarcoma, a rare and deadly pediatric bone cancer, and a second trial in advanced solid tumors (AST). Both studies are in dose escalation, and thus far, seclidemstat has shown a tolerable safety profile with dose-proportional increases in patient exposure levels.

Members of the Salarius management team will be available to participate in one-on-one virtual meetings with investors who are registered to attend the conferences.

Details of Salarius’ presentations are as follows:



Event: H.C. Wainwright 22nd Annual Global Investment Conference Date: Wednesday, September 16, 2020 Time: 3:30 PM (ET) Live Webcast: https://wsw.com/webcast/hcw7/slrx/

Event: Virtual Life Science Investor Forum Date: Thursday, September 17, 2020 Time: 2:00 PM (ET) Live Webcast: https://bit.ly/30GjErk



The live webcast of each presentation will be available by clicking the provided link or visiting the upcoming events section of the Company’s website.

About Salarius Pharmaceuticals

Salarius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a clinical-stage oncology company targeting cancers caused by dysregulated gene expression and is developing treatments for patients that need them the most. Epigenetics refers to the regulatory system that affects gene expression. Salarius’ lead candidate, seclidemstat, is currently in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial for relapsed/refractory Ewing sarcoma, for which it has received Fast Track Designation, Orphan Drug Designation and Rare Pediatric Disease Designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Salarius is also developing seclidemstat for several cancers with high unmet medical need, with a second Phase 1/2 clinical study in advanced solid tumors, including prostate, breast, and ovarian cancers. Salarius has received financial support from the National Pediatric Cancer Foundation to advance the Ewing sarcoma clinical program and is also the recipient of an $18.7 million Product Development Award from the Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas (CPRIT). For more information, please visit salariuspharma.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties, including statements that are based on the current expectations and assumptions of the Company's management. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release regarding the Company's plans and objectives, expectations and assumptions of management are forward-looking statements. The use of certain words, including the words "estimate," "project," "intend," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "will,” "plan," "could," "may" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The Company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on the Company's forward-looking statements. Various important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements including receipt of regulatory approvals and market conditions. The forward-looking statements are made as of this date and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Contact

Investor Relations

Tiberend Strategic Advisors, Inc.

Maureen McEnroe, CFA/Miriam Miller

(212) 375-2664/ 2694

mmcenroe@tiberend.com / mmiller@tiberend.com