OpGen Announces Award of German Government Grant Funding to its Subsidiary Curetis and Collaborators. Project: AI based Assay Development for carbapenem-resistance based on porin loss and efflux pump overexpression in Gram-negative bacteria

Project is part of the Research Campus InfectoGnostics and includes project partners at the University Hospital Jena, Institute for Infectious Diseases and Infection Control

GAITHERSBURG, Md., and HOLZGERLINGEN, Germany, Sept. 30, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- OpGen, Inc. (Nasdaq: OPGN, “OpGen”), a precision medicine company harnessing the power of molecular diagnostics and bioinformatics to help combat infectious disease, announced today the award of a German Federal Government grant to its subsidiary, Curetis GmbH, and collaborators at the Research Campus InfectoGnostics. The project is coordinated by Jena University Hospital and designed to use artificial intelligence (AI) based assay development for carbapenem-resistance based on porin loss and efflux pump overexpression in Gram-negative bacteria.

Specifically, the project expected to start in September 2020 and run until August 2025 with overall funding of more than 350 thousand Euros provided by Federal German Ministry of Education and Research (Bundesministerium für Bildung und Forschung BMBF) to Curetis alone, is aimed to make novel molecular diagnostics available for relevant resistance mechanisms against Carbapenems. Furthermore, the project aims to address resistance mechanisms in difficult-to-treat Gram-negative pathogens such as Enterobacteria, Pseudomonas and Acinetobacter. Curetis’ role during the collaborative research project is to provide research on innovative detection methods for carbapenem resistance based on porin loss and efflux pump overexpression.

Dr. Gerd Luedke, Director Innovation, Technology and IP at Curetis GmbH commented, “Carbapenems are last-resort antibiotics for treatment of patients infected with Gram-negative bacteria that show resistance against Cephalosporins. Resistance is often conferred by mechanisms such as porin loss or efflux pump overexpression, not adequately covered by current diagnostics. We are therefore excited to contribute novel approaches to the fight against antimicrobial resistance in such hospital superbugs.”



Dr. Oliwia Makarewicz, scientist with the Institute for Infectious Diseases and Infection Control at Jena University Hospital and leader of the project, emphasizes its interdisciplinary character, “Here, we combine molecular genetics, bioinformatics and AI based methods. That innovative approach will foster the outcome of the project as well as the scientific career options of the young researchers working within.”

Prof. Dr. Juergen Popp, Speaker of the InfectoGnostics Managing Board, added “We are pleased to start this new collaboration with Curetis, one of the leaders in rapid, cartridge-based multiplex PCR testing. This project will be a good example of direct co-working between academia, clinical medicine and industry to address medical needs through improved diagnostics with regard to antimicrobial resistances.”

About OpGen, Inc.

OpGen, Inc. (Gaithersburg, MD, USA) is a precision medicine company harnessing the power of molecular diagnostics and bioinformatics to help combat infectious disease. Along with its subsidiaries, Curetis GmbH and Ares Genetics GmbH, we are developing and commercializing molecular microbiology solutions helping to guide clinicians with more rapid and actionable information about life threatening infections to improve patient outcomes, and decrease the spread of infections caused by multidrug-resistant microorganisms, or MDROs. OpGen’s product portfolio includes Unyvero, Acuitas AMR Gene Panel and Acuitas® Lighthouse, and the ARES Technology Platform including ARESdb, using NGS technology and AI-powered bioinformatics solutions for antibiotic response prediction.

For more information, please visit www.opgen.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes statements regarding the receipt of a grant from the German government by Curetis GmbH. These statements and other statements regarding OpGen’s products, their commercialization and launch, future plans and goals constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are often difficult to predict, are beyond our control, and which may cause results to differ materially from expectations. Factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those described include, but are not limited to, our ability to successfully, timely and cost-effectively develop, seek and obtain regulatory clearance for and commercialize our product and services offerings, the rate of adoption of our products and services by hospitals and other healthcare providers, the success of our commercialization efforts, the impact of COVID-19 on the Company’s operations, financial results, and commercialization efforts as well as on capital markets and general economic conditions, the realization of expected benefits of our business combination transaction with Curetis GmbH, the effect on our business of existing and new regulatory requirements, and other economic and competitive factors. For a discussion of the most significant risks and uncertainties associated with OpGen's business, please review our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are based on our expectations as of the date of this press release and speak only as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

OpGen Contact:

Oliver Schacht

CEO

InvestorRelations@opgen.com

Press Contact:

Matthew Bretzius

FischTank Marketing and PR

matt@fischtankpr.com

Investor Contact:

Megan Paul

Edison Group

mpaul@edisongroup.com