vTv Therapeutics Announces Appointment of Edward P. Taibi to its Board of Directors. HIGH POINT, N.C., Sept. 15, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- vTv Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq: VTVT) announced the appointment of Edward P. Taibi, Executive Vice President of MacAndrews & Forbes Incorporated (“MacAndrews”), to the vTv Board of Directors. Effective August 31, 2020, Mr. Taibi will serve a term through the date of the next annual meeting of the Company’s stockholders.



“Ed will add significant value as a vTv board member and will be a tremendous asset in helping to drive our near-and long-term goals,” said Steve Holcombe, CEO of vTv Therapeutics. “As a member of the senior leadership team at MacAndrews, we look forward to leveraging his keen insights and future contributions.”

Mr. Taibi has gained extensive business leadership experience over the course of his sixteen-year tenure at MacAndrews, advising on transformative business development opportunities, as well as large and complex capital markets and financing transactions. Prior to joining MacAndrews, Mr. Taibi served as a lawyer in the Mergers and Acquisitions group at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP.

“I am honored to join vTv Therapeutics’ Board of Directors,” said Edward P. Taibi. “I look forward to collaborating with vTv’s management team as we progress the development of the company’s pipeline of innovative clinical drug candidates that have the potential to significantly improve the lives of patients suffering with type 1 diabetes and Alzheimer’s disease.”

MacAndrews is a holding company with a portfolio of public and private companies in diverse industries. MacAndrews has been a significant investor in vTv and its predecessor companies for more than 20 years.

About vTv Therapeutics

vTv Therapeutics Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing oral small molecule drug candidates. vTv has a pipeline of clinical drug candidates led by programs for adjunctive treatment for type 1 diabetes, Alzheimer’s disease, and inflammatory disorders. vTv’s development partners are pursuing additional indications in type 2 diabetes, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), and genetic mitochondrial diseases. For more information, please visit www.vtvtherapeutics.com or follow us on Twitter: @vTvTherapeutics.

Forward-Looking Statements

This release contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would” and, in each case, their negative or other various or comparable terminology. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this release, including statements regarding the timing of our clinical trials, our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenue, projected costs, prospects, plans, objectives of management and expected market growth are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our results to vary from expectations include those described under the heading “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC. These forward-looking statements reflect our views with respect to future events as of the date of this release and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this release and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or review publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise after the date of this release. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, merger, dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may undertake. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements.

Contact

Investors:

Corey Davis

LifeSci Advisors

CDavis@LifeSciAdvisors.com