C4 Therapeutics to Present at the 3rd Annual Targeted Protein Degradation Summit. WATERTOWN, Mass., Oct. 14, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- C4 Therapeutics, Inc. (C4T) (Nasdaq: CCCC), a biopharmaceutical company pioneering a new class of small-molecule drugs that selectively destroy disease-causing proteins through degradation, today announced that it will present in a talk and roundtable discussion at the 3rd Annual Targeted Protein Degradation Summit on October 14 and 15.



Dr. Rhamy Zeid, C4T’s Director of Target Biology, will present during the translational portion of the program as part of a segment titled Advancing the Protein Degradation Landscape Towards Clinical Success that will be held on October 14, 2020 at 1:30 pm ET. During his talk, which is titled “Targeted Protein Degraders From Discovery to the Clinic,” Dr. Zeid will discuss a case study of the predictive capability of C4T’s TORPEDO™ platform in the development of novel, selective, orally bioavailable degraders of a protein target called BRD9, including C4T’s development candidate, CFT8634 for synovial sarcoma and SMARCB1-deleted solid tumors.

Dr. Stewart Fisher, C4T’s Chief Scientific Officer, will lead a round table discussion titled, “Challenges in a World of Opportunity” on October 15, 2020 at 12:30 pm ET. This roundtable will discuss the impact of the rapid pace of innovation and unprecedented success that has been seen at every phase of drug discovery and the need to carefully manage the myriad of opportunities to deliver on the promise of bringing new medicines to patients.

“We are pleased to participate in the 3rd Annual Targeted Protein Degradation Summit to discuss the opportunities and challenges of targeted protein degradation, as well as present an illustrative example of the robust capability of our TORPEDO platform, which enables us to select degraders for further development with confidence,” said Dr. Fisher. “Our approach is designed to optimize overall catalytic efficiency so that our degraders destroy target proteins as quickly and efficiently as possible. At C4T, we are developing a pipeline of novel protein degraders, one of which targets BRD9, which has historically been considered to be undruggable. The candidates we are developing have the potential to bring new treatments to patients with cancer, neurodegenerative conditions and other diseases.”

About C4 Therapeutics

C4 Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on harnessing the body’s natural regulation of protein levels to develop novel therapeutic candidates to target and destroy disease-causing proteins for the treatment of cancer, neurodegenerative conditions and other diseases.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains “forward-looking statements” of C4 Therapeutics, Inc. within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may include, but may not be limited to, express or implied statements regarding our ability to develop potential therapies for patients; the design and potential efficacy of our therapeutic approaches; the predictive capability of our TORPEDO™ platform in the development of novel, selective, orally bioavailable degraders; the potential timing and advancement of our preclinical studies and clinical trials; our ability and the potential to successfully manufacture and supply our product candidates for clinical trials; our ability to replicate results achieved in our preclinical studies or clinical trials in any future studies or trials; and regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries. Any forward-looking statements in this press release are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs of future events, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: uncertainties related to the initiation, timing and conduct of studies and other development requirements for our product candidates; the risk that any one or more of our product candidates will not be successfully developed and commercialized; and the risk that the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials will be predictive of future results in connection with future studies or trials. For a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, and other important factors, any of which could cause C4T’s actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the section entitled “Risk Factors” in C4 Therapeutics registration statement on Form S-1, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release, and C4T undertakes no duty to update this information unless required by law.