Ascendis Pharma A/S Appoints Dr. Mark A. Bach as Senior Vice President of Clinical Development and Medical Affairs for Endocrinology Rare Diseases. COPENHAGEN, Denmark, Nov. 03, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Ascendis Pharma A/S (Nasdaq: ASND), a biopharmaceutical company that utilizes its innovative TransCon™ technologies to address unmet medical needs, today announced that it has appointed Mark A. Bach, M.D., Ph.D., as Senior Vice President of Clinical Development and Medical Affairs for Endocrinology Rare Diseases.

“We are excited to welcome Mark to Ascendis Pharma. He has a proven track record in building global clinical development and medical affairs organizational capabilities and bringing new medicines to patients worldwide,” said Jan Mikkelsen, President and CEO at Ascendis Pharma. “Mark is joining us at a critical time when our investigational product pipeline is rapidly advancing. His expertise will help advance potential transformative therapies for people with rare endocrine diseases.”

“This is an exciting time to join Ascendis Pharma as the company prepares for the potential launch of its first rare endocrinology disease product for pediatric growth hormone deficiency and works to improve healthcare for people with other endocrine rare diseases,” said Dr. Bach. “I look forward to helping Ascendis Pharma build upon its strong foundational TransCon technology platform to bring innovative therapies forward that address unmet patient needs.”

Dr. Bach is a pediatric endocrinologist with 30 years of experience in clinical research and development. He has extensive global experience building and leading clinical teams that have successfully launched innovative pharmaceutical products into global markets. Until recently, he served as the Head of Asia Pacific Medical Sciences for Janssen Pharmaceutical Co. Prior to Janssen, he was Vice President of Clinical Research Operations Worldwide for Merck & Co., Inc. Dr. Bach is a recognized expert on endocrinology research, has lectured widely in national and international forums and served on numerous professional society advisory boards to advance the field of endocrinology and clinical research. He has published extensively including dozens of original research articles, review articles and scientific abstracts. Dr. Bach received his medical degree from Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, Texas; his doctorate degree from the University of Chicago, Illinois; and his bachelor’s degree from the Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota.

About TransCon™ Technology

TransCon refers to “transient conjugation.” The proprietary TransCon platform is an innovative technology designed to create new therapies that optimize therapeutic effect, including efficacy, safety and dosing frequency. TransCon molecules have three components: an unmodified parent drug, an inert carrier that protects it, and a linker that temporarily binds the two. When bound, the carrier inactivates and shields the parent drug from clearance. When injected into the body, physiologic conditions (e.g., pH and temperature) initiate the release of the active, unmodified parent drug in a predictable manner. Because the parent drug is unmodified, its original mode of action may be maintained. TransCon technology is designed to be applied broadly to a protein, peptide or small molecule in multiple therapeutic areas, and to be used systemically or locally.

About Ascendis Pharma A/S

Ascendis Pharma is applying its innovative platform technology to build a leading, fully integrated biopharma company focused on making a meaningful difference in patients’ lives. Guided by its core values of patients, science and passion, the company utilizes its TransCon™ technologies to create new and potentially best-in-class therapies.

Ascendis Pharma currently has a pipeline of three independent endocrinology rare disease product candidates in clinical development and is advancing oncology as its second therapeutic area of focus. The company continues to expand into additional therapeutic areas to address unmet patient needs.



Ascendis is headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark, with additional offices in Heidelberg and Berlin, Germany, and in Palo Alto and Redwood City, California.

For more information, please visit www.ascendispharma.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release regarding Ascendis’ future operations, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. Examples of such statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to (i) Ascendis’ preparations for the potential launch of its first rare endocrinology disease product for pediatric growth hormone deficiency, (ii) Ascendis’ work to improve healthcare for people with other endocrine rare diseases, (iii) Ascendis’ ability to apply its platform technology to build a leading, fully integrated biopharma company, (iv) Ascendis’ product pipeline and expansion into additional therapeutic areas and (v) Ascendis’ expectations regarding its ability to utilize its TransCon technologies to create new and potentially best-in-class therapies. Ascendis may not actually achieve the plans, carry out the intentions or meet the expectations or projections disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions, expectations and projections disclosed in the forward-looking statements. Various important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements that Ascendis makes, including the following: unforeseen safety or efficacy results in its oncology programs, TransCon hGH, TransCon PTH and TransCon CNP or other development programs; unforeseen expenses related to the development and potential commercialization of its oncology programs, TransCon hGH, TransCon PTH and TransCon CNP or other development programs, selling, general and administrative expenses, other research and development expenses and Ascendis’ business generally; delays in the development of its oncology programs, TransCon hGH, TransCon PTH and TransCon CNP or other development programs related to manufacturing, regulatory requirements, speed of patient recruitment or other unforeseen delays; dependence on third party manufacturers to supply study drug for planned clinical studies; Ascendis’ ability to obtain additional funding, if needed, to support its business activities and the effects on its business of the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic. For a further description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to Ascendis’ business in general, see Ascendis’ prospectus supplement filed on July 9, 2020 and Ascendis’ current and future reports filed with, or submitted to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including its Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 3, 2020. Forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future in-licensing, collaborations, acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments that Ascendis may enter into or make. Ascendis does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law.

Ascendis, Ascendis Pharma, the Ascendis Pharma logo, the company logo and TransCon are trademarks owned by the Ascendis Pharma Group. © November 2020 Ascendis Pharma A/S.

Investor contacts: Media contact: Tim Lee Ron Rogers Ascendis Pharma Ascendis Pharma (650) 374-6343 (650) 507-5208 tle@ascendispharma.com ﻿rrs@ascendispharma.com ﻿

Patti Bank Westwicke Partners (415) 513-1284 patti.bank@westwicke.com ir@ascendispharma.com



