Shattuck Labs to Present Virtually at Cowen 4th Annual IO Next Summit. AUSTIN, TX and DURHAM, NC, Nov. 06, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Shattuck Labs, Inc. (Shattuck) (NASDAQ: STTK), a clinical-stage biotechnology company pioneering the development of bi-functional fusion proteins as a new class of biologic medicine for the treatment of patients with cancer and autoimmune disease, today announced that Taylor Schreiber, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer, and other senior executives will participate in the Cowen 4th Annual IO Next Summit 2020 on November 13, 2020.



Conference Presentation Details

Conference: Cowen 4th Annual IO Next Summit

Format: Fireside chat with covering analyst, Marc Frahm, Ph.D.

Date: November 13, 2020

Time: 2:15 p.m. EST

Webcast Link: Available Here

The live webcast of the fireside chat will be available on the Events & Presentations section of the Company’s website. A replay of the webcast will be archived for up to 90 days following the presentation date.

About Shattuck Labs, Inc.

Shattuck is a clinical-stage biotechnology company pioneering the development of bi-functional fusion proteins as a new class of biologic medicine for the treatment of patients with cancer and autoimmune disease. Compounds derived from Shattuck’s proprietary Agonist Redirected Checkpoint, ARC®, platform simultaneously inhibit checkpoint molecules and activate costimulatory molecules within a single therapeutic. The company’s lead wholly owned program, SL-172154 (SIRPα-Fc-CD40L), which is designed to block the CD47 immune checkpoint and simultaneously agonize the CD40 pathway, is being evaluated in a Phase 1 trial. A second compound, SL-279252 (PD1-Fc-OX40L), is being evaluated in a Phase 1 trial in collaboration with Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Additionally, the company is advancing a proprietary Gamma Delta T Cell Engager, GADLEN™, platform, which is designed to bridge gamma delta T cells to tumor antigens for the treatment of patients with cancer. Shattuck has offices in both Austin, Texas and Durham, North Carolina. For more information, please visit: www.ShattuckLabs.com.

Investor Contact:

Conor Richardson

Director of Finance

Shattuck Labs, Inc.

InvestorRelations@shattucklabs.com

Media Contact:

Stephanie Ascher

Managing Director

Stern Investor Relations, Inc.

Stephanie.ascher@sternir.com